hi everyone my name is joy licensed nail
tech and I want to show you all today
how to treat dry cuticles and peeling
ridges in your nails so the things that
we're going to use for this are a
cuticle oil a Ridge filler treatment and
a buffer so first thing we'll do is
we'll work on treating the ridges so you
can take your buffer and just kind of go
in a gentle downward motion over the
nail it may not remove all the ridges at
once but it will give you a little bit
of a smoother surface to work with so
this is something that you'll want to
keep up weekly either go and get a
manicure or you can do it yourself at
home
so we've buffed there and then we're
going to follow up with our Ridge filler
which is also a strengthener so that'll
help you with the ridges and the peeling
make your nails nice and strong so you
put one coat of this on if you choose to
follow with nail polish that's fine if
not it'll give you a nice natural finish
and then the last thing that you want to
do after everything has dried is you
want to put on your cuticle oil and this
is not going to affect the manicure in
any negative way it'll actually if you
chose to polish it'll help your nail
polish dry a little bit faster so you
just take the oil drop it at the base of
the cuticle massage it in help it
penetrate the skin okay and with the oil
you can actually do this more than one
time per week can never moisturize your
cuticles too much and this should help
you with the dryness and the peeling so
there you go nice healthy moisturize
nails so thank you all for watching and
my name is Joey bye
you